Umbra support to QMK (#24569)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/umbra/solder/readme.md

# UMBRA

![UMBRA](https://i.imgur.com/2d94i6H.jpg)

A multi-mount 60% keyboard with PCB choice featuring popular layouts, underglow, and rotary option.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [IV Works](https://www.iv-works.com/)
* Hardware Supported: [UMBRA](https://www.iv-works.com/i)
* Hardware Availability: [Shop](https://iv-works.com/product-category/umbra/)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make ivworks/umbra/hotswap:default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make ivworks/umbra/hotswap:default:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make umbra/solder:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make umbra/solder:default:flash
```
